This script takes in a file of extensions (single extension per line) and
creates an output file that can be pasted into an Avaya Communications
Manager (CM) terminal when set to terminal type = OSSI.

Currently, this script has static values for:
    Length
    Delete
    Net

Future releases will take these paramters on the command line.

Optional command line flags are:
    -i, --infile    file containing list of extensions
    -o, --outfile   name of the output file to write the OSSI script to
    -c, --checktype the type of sanity checking to be done on the input file
    -d, --code      UDP 'insert digits'
    -v, --verbose   print line number of each errored line. Default is quite
                    (no output on each error)


The default input file is 'extensions'.  The default output file is 'extfile.OSSI'
The default sanity checking is 'strict'.  Any other value for this parameter
will result in 'loose' checking.  By default, the script will supress output during
sanity checking.  Enable it with '-v' to print the line number of each offending line.

Strict checking will examine the file and count the number of lines that do NOT
contain integer values.  NO output file will be created.

Loose sanity checking will attempt to process the file by skipping lines with errors.

Sanity checking only checks that each line contains one integer.  There is no checking
for dial plan conformity.  Meaning- if your dial plan is five digits (3xxxx), the following
will pass sanity checking
    30100
    301
    200010001
    9011447133444

The command issued is "change uniform-dialplan 99999" for each extension in the file.
This ensures that a blank form is presented to the script.
Couple of things to note-
-The history log will not show specific extensions being changed
-If there is already an entry for the extension, the change will fail
 (for that extension only) with the following
    'e2 6c01ff01 b3d1 Entry already exists in the table'
 The history log will show an entry
    'cha  uniform-dial 99999 DENIED: -11853'





OSSI is a hidden terminal type available when logging in via the SAT.